Read Me file for Lab 1

Title: Building a one-page resume using HTMl and CSS

The purpose of this project/lab is to build a resume that will be ued in the future for job and internship searches.  The resume is meant to serve as

a means of advertisement to future employers. The resume contains past work experience, skills, education and other items to make me stand out among others.


The process that I used when working on this resume was that I worked on the HTML part first thentried implementing the CSS parts.

I did this because to me the HTML tags or aspects was a lot easier to understand and manipulate for a first time user. The HTMl were kinda straight foward 
and less dauting or all over the place. Even though the HTMl aspect was still easier I had a lot of trouble using it also because I had to study a lot of it first.

using resources like youtube and websites like w3schools made it a little bit easier.

I started by just taking all my information fro my regular word-document resume and began to transfer it into html.  This process kinda gave me the idea or process of what I 
needed to do to make the resume pretty and clean.

Like I stated before the CSS part was dificult because it was daunting to use but after multiple tries I was able to barely get the hang of it.

Lab 2 made me figure out that a lot of work goes into making website and apps. Just making a one-page resume was difficult, I can't really imagine what goes into 
keeping Google up and running every single day.

My Thougt on Lab 2

I really enjoyed working on lab 2 because it was a lot more hands-on and more interactive if that makes any sense. I was able to see my progress, mistakes 

and things I needed to improve in real-time. Every second spent coding was fun but extreemelly stressful. 

My only qualm or negativive reaction to lab 2 was that it was a massive jump from lab 1. Lab 1 was kinda of different from what I expected when I first started the class
but the level of difficalty was what I expected. However, for lab 2 the scope jumped massively, it was doable but from a newcomer's perspective the spike was totally unexpected.

Because this class was called an intro class I thought the pace would be a lot slower but not hold the student hand kinda level, but still enough for student to not feel overwhemed.

Overall fun and educative Lab, can't wait to build my own website and work on other projects in this class.


